Fix(lb): release_ip deprecated (#1020)
scaleway/terraform-provider-scaleway: docs/resources/lb.md

- `ip_address` -  The load-balance public IP Address
- `organization_id` - The organization ID the load-balancer is associated with.

~> **Important:** `release_ip` will not be supported. This prevents the destruction of the IP from releasing a LBs.

> The `resource_lb_ip` will the only to handle those IPs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `resource_lb_ip` will be the only resource that handles those IPs.
```
